feat(NODE-5484)!: mark MongoError for internal use and remove Node14 cause assignment logic (#3800)
mongodb/node-mongodb-native: etc/notes/errors.md

- #### MongoServerSelectionError
  - Thrown when the driver fails to select a server to complete an operation

### `MongoCryptError`

These are errors thrown from the driver's client side encryption logic.

- #### MongoCryptInvalidArgumentError
  - Thrown when an invalid argument has been provided to an encryption API
- #### MongoCryptInvalidCreateDataKeyError
  - Thrown when `ClientEncryption.createEncryptedCollection()` failed to create data keys
- #### MongoCryptInvalidCreateEncryptedCollectionError
  - Thrown when `ClientEncryption.createEncryptedCollection()` failed to create a collection

> - #### MongoCryptInvalidCreateAzureKMSRequestError
>   - Thrown when auto-fetching KMS credentials fails to auto-refresh Azure KMS credentials
> - #### MongoCryptKMSRequestNetworkTimeoutError
>   - Thrown when auto-fetching KMS credentials times out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### MongoCryptInvalidCreateAzureKMSRequestError
  - Thrown when the driver encounters an error when fetching Azure KMS credentials
- #### MongoCryptKMSRequestNetworkTimeoutError
  - Thrown when the HTTP request to the IDMS server times out when fetching Azure KMS credentials
```
